the wing and andré benenaula after several
failed attempts to get the
Latin American motocross crown is
once did not miss a new opportunity
in the tournament played in guayaquil
where champion of the
category mx3 facing 25 pilots
from 10 countries
André is still sore from the falls
had in the competition but happy so
got not gave an account of his
triumph obviously we had a bit of
bad luck in the first set I had a
small hit with juan but colors of
Ecuador I started to come back from the
twelfth place to achieve a third
place in the first sleeve our only
option was the second sleeve win everything and
expect that such would be the results of
both ian and justiniano ian poncho rim
the second sleeve so he left me
totally free the way to me
creditor to the championship to the timbric of
motocross the first date they make
international level of this category
mx3 sell given the sum to his second
Latin American title throughout his
life within motocross exactly in
the year 2000
and Latin American class championship
50 this was in colombia bogota
sadly year after year I could not
get a title for technical failures
personal flaws but today the
2013 achieve this important title
for the city for the country of form
very happy staff and again with this
biggest theme the cordial invitation of
the puerto rico commission will be fine
in October we would be being republic
Dominican Republic and at the end of November in
usa motocross olympics el
poison as it is known
motocrossista cuencano catalog that this
It is one of your best years for all
titles achieved so far
we totally started with the right foot in
the first valid provincial in here in
our city in the deep track
we managed to win the four sleeves of
same way the national the results
are being given we have already had the
culmination of